hello everyone my name is Forrest and
I'm going to show you a quick video
tutorial on how to import your custom
minecraft skin into cinema 4d it's
really really easy but first things
first you need to go online and find a
Steve model I prefer using the one from
Minecraft 3d essentials for cinema 4d
are 12 and up so it's only for the newer
versions it's made by a guide coal
mining craft it has almost all the solid
blocks and everything it has most of the
mods and every mob is equipped with C
motion which allows it to move
automatically so you don't have to
program any movement stuff but it does
come with a downside because you can't
move any part of a mob for example his
hand because it's linked with C motion
so you can't make them go high-five for
example they just move so I prefer using
my own C motions so you download this
then you save it into a folder then
going to your cinema 4d click click file
open find the sieve it's going to be
called Steve dot C for D open it up and
you have a nice little Steve who moves
automatically so now you will need to
make a new material for which you are
going to use the texture of your
Minecraft skin so double click it click
yes and then just apply the skin in
every part of Steve's body
go or all of our skins are made by
foreign who is the other part of this
YouTube channel
and this is the black for Greymon skin
which I'm currently using so there you
go you have your minecraft skin imported
and that's it and it moves automatically
so you can just quickly make a scene
thank you very much for watching like
favorite and subscribe see ya later